Overload thinking...ha haa
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah...  he is so funny.
Oh, and he raises an eyebrow. Give him this.
Is this your brother? ha.. ha.. ha..
Yeah, That's true...
Yeah, you don't know. Yeah, yeah.yeah...
Oh,  He's never done this.
sarcastic or anything in the Lord of the Rings.
No tdrue...   Yeah, yeah.
Ha, ha, ha...
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah...
Yeah, yeah. yeah.. yeah...
Keanu Reeves feet. (***)
Yeah...   yeah... yeah...
i guess i wonder if they were The chinese  to do that to show that he's
May be...
Of course he looks a lot older.
I was goes to sixty six language   ha.. ha.. ha..
Yeah, I miss him and then...
But I'm like, mm, and then yeah, I'll do it. (***)
Everybody is quick. Yeah...
We make for Guinnes Each otdher... It's like a masterpiece
My father is each other thirteeth...
I think the directors were talking about like strong power things
They couldn't have tackled the 13 waives, so they went with Lord of the Rings first.
Kind.. Yeah... Ha.. ha.. ha...
Yeah... (***)
Yeah, yeah, yeah yeah. You can tell each one of them apart.
Lord of the Rings like yeah nine companions they're all like from different like like before
Hobbits and elves and dwarves. It's a sleepier. .
But 13 dwarves, they're all dwarves.
and they don't have too much personality in the book so you have to work it from scratch
Yeah.
Ah hung...
Yeah, they're all doors, but different
kinds of tour. Yeah.
Yeah,  that's why...
Witch Dwarf is my favorite.
(***)Hmmmm..
I kind of thought I would like Keely the Archie.
True they falls in love, Where is the else...?
But I think overall I might choose Bolling.
So grandpa, the oldest one.
or something's been a good time for everyone. (***)  ha... ha... ha...
Yeah... yeah...
But he has such a passion though.
Like some things he doesn't let go, he doesn't say no. Like he's stubborn.
Like beyond logic sometimes. And you can see that.
so like oh that's very dork
Oh, Beaufort!  ha... ha... ha...
Bedauforte... ha.. ha.. yeah...
I think the one that gets closest to Bilbo. Next to Kong.
Yeah...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. (***)
(***)Ha... ha... ha... I don't know
Ha... ha... ha... No... ha... ha... ha...
Yeah...  ha.. ha.. ha..
Yeah... yeah... ha.. ha.. ha..
Yeah...yeah...
it.
Yeah... Yeah... That's true...
He's also the big brother.
(***)
oh yeah that's true ha... ha... ha...
Ha... ha... ha... Actually, That's ..  that's true
Ohhhh... yeah....
on the table. He knows he's late but he wants one more drink.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... Yeah...
Yeah...  yeah ...this is so interesting
I'm studying how to express character.
And like little hints of things that they do that tell you who they are
So this is actually a really good dissecting method.
For me, maybe. We like it too.
Ha.. ha.. ha... Yeah... yeah...Yeah... yeah...
Yeah, yeah, yeah,  so...  yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah... yeah...
HA... hA... hA...
Ha... ha... ha... yeah... yeah...
Ha... ha... ha...   Yeah...
Yeah....
Yeah... ha.. ha.. they     yeah...
Yeah. Yeah. yeah.. yeah.. yeah...
Yeah...    They love meat.
They love eating. And they don't let go. ha... ha.. ha...
And they probably don't like veggies too much either.
Yeah...
Uh..  Hmm...
Yeah... ha.. ha... ha... yeah...  And they're very loyal to each other too.
Yeah,...